 0100 Official-administrative—Performs management activities that require developing broad policies
 and executing those policies through direction of individuals at all levels.  This includes high-level
 administrative activities performed directly for policy makers.
 0101 Administrative/supervisory/ancillary services officer—Performs professional
 management, administrative, research, analytical, supervisory, and/or ancillary services for
 a senior executive.  This includes personnel responsible for services such as evaluation,
 teacher development, dissemination, curriculum development, admissions and recruitment,
 marketing and development.
 VI-24
0102 Board of education/school board/board of trustees member—Performs activities as a
 member of a legally constituted body which has been created and vested with
 responsibilities for educational policy- and decision-making as specified in education codes
 and regulations  in a given geographical area.
 0103 Commandant of cadets—Performs executive management functions of the cadet
 corps, and is responsible for cadet promotions, leadership training, and the system utilized
 by the institution to maintain and administer disciplinary measures to promote order and
 decorum.
 0104 Dean/dean of instructions/dean of students/dean of boys/dean of girls/dean of student
 activities—Oversees either  academic/curriculum activities, or, student body activities and
 behaviors such as student government, school club, rally and assembly.
 0105 Deputy/associate/vice-/assistant principal—Performs high-level executive
 management functions in an individual school, group of schools, or units of a school
 system.  Primary duties include but are not limited to:  1) supervising student behavior; 2)
 handling specific assigned duties related to school management; 3) continuing curriculum
 and staff development; 4) working cooperatively with professional staff; 5) providing
 leadership in the instructional program; and 6) coordinating and/or arranging class
 schedule.
 0106 Deputy/associate/assistant superintendent/ commissioner—Performs high-level
 executive management functions for a superintendent in the areas of personnel, instruction,
 and/or administration such as business, transportation, food services, maintenance,
 operation, facility management/planning, and others.  Such an assignment also includes
 performing the duties of the superintendent in his or her absence as assigned or designated.
 0107 Executive assistant—Performs professional activities assisting an executive officer in
 directing and managing the functions of a school or system.
 0108 Instructional program director/coordinator/consultant—Coordinates, manages
 (including supervising other certified individuals), or directs activities and/or services (e.g.,
 vocational education and special education) within an instructional program or area of
 instruction.
 0109 Manager—Directs individuals and manages functional supporting services (e.g.,
 financial aid) under the direction of a senior staff member.  This includes
 directors/managers of purchasing agents, physical plant maintenance, management
 information and technology services, business managers, budget managers, and
 psychological services.
 0110 Non-instructional program director/coordinator/consultant—Coordinates, manages
 (including supervising other certified individuals), or directs activities and/or services
 within a non-instructional program.
 VI-25
0111 Ombudsperson—Receives and investigates complaints made by individuals against
 alleged abuses resulting from capricious acts by administrative officials. The ombudsman
 usually works for the board of education in a quasi-official status.
 0112 Principal/headmaster/headmistress/head of school—Performs the highest level of
 executive management functions in an individual school, a group of schools, or units of a
 school system.  Responsibilities include the administration of instructional programs,
 extracurricular programs, community relations, operation of the school plant, selection and
 evaluation of professional and support staff, and the coordination of staff and student
 activities.
 0113 School president—Implements short and long-range plans; performs recruitment,
 community relations,  fund-raising, and other external functions; in some cases, supervises
 principal and establishes institutional operation philosophy to follow Board policy.
 0114 School site council member—Performs activities as a member of an advisory body
 which has been created by state legislation to provide for an individual school
 advice/support on various school activities such as fund spending on a particular program.
 0115 Superintendent/commissioner—Serves as the chief executive officer and primary
 advisor to the board of education.  Responsibilities include overseeing the development of 
educational programs and all other activities which impact on those programs.
 0200 Professional-educational—Performs duties requiring a high degree of knowledge and skills
 generally acquired through at least a baccalaureate degree (or its equivalent obtained through special
 study and/or experience) including skills in the field of education, educational psychology, educational
 social work, or an education therapy field.
 0201 Athletic coach—Instructs individuals in the fundamentals of a competitive sport and
 direct team or individual strategy.
 0202 Behavioral management specialist—Performs analysis of students’ inappropriate
 behaviors, devises interventions to change such behaviors, and monitors behavior
 improvement progress overtime.
 0203 Counselor—Guides individuals, families, groups, and communities by assisting them
 in problem-solving, decision-making, discovering meaning, and articulating goals related to
 personal, educational, and career development.
 0204 Curriculum specialist—Develops or supervises curriculum and instructional
 development activities.  This assignment requires expertise in a specialized field and
 includes the curriculum consultant and curriculum supervisor.
 0205 Education diagnostician—Diagnoses students who might need special education
 services and/or other educational interventions.
 0206 Librarian/media consultant—Develops plans for and manage the use of teaching and
 learning resources, including the maintenance of equipment, content material, services,
 multi-media, and information sources.
 VI-26
0207 Remedial specialist—Performs activities concerned with developing specific
 cognitive skills, usually in language arts or mathematics, from a deficient level to one that is
 appropriate to the educational abilities and aspirations of the student.
 0208 Student activity advisor/non-athletic coach—Instructs individuals in the fundamentals
 of a non-athletic activity and develops training and competition schedules.
 0209 Student teacher—Provides learning experiences and care to students under the
 supervision of a certified teacher as part of a formalized higher education program of
 teacher preparation.
 0210 Teacher—Provides instruction, learning experiences, and care to students during a
 particular time period or in a given discipline.
 0211 Teacher trainer—Provides instruction, learning experiences, and/or professional
 development activities to teachers during a particular time period or in a given discipline.
 0212 Teaching intern—Provides instruction, learning experiences, and care to students
 while obtaining the necessary knowledge and skills in education and/or educational
 psychology.
 0300 Professional-other—Performs assignments requiring a high degree of knowledge and skills
 usually acquired through at least a baccalaureate degree (or its equivalent obtained through special
 study and/or experience) but not necessarily requiring skills in the field of education.
 0301 Accountant—Designs and maintains financial, staff, student, program, or property
 records; summarizes, analyzes, audits, or verifies such records; and/or controls and certifies
 expenditures and receipts.
 0302 Accreditation officer—Reviews and evaluates an organizational unit to certify the
 observation of legal requirements or prescribed standards for the operation of such units.
 0303 Administrative intern—Performs administrative activities as part of a formal training
 program requiring supervision and periodic evaluation.
 0304 Admissions officer—Examines academic records of students to determine eligibility
 for graduation or for entrance to school.
 0305 Analyst—Examines, evaluates, and makes recommendations in such areas as cost,
 systems, curriculum, educational sectors, or other areas including management, research
 and assessment, policy, budget, and personnel.
 0306 Architect—Performs activities such as designing and preparing plans and
 specifications for the construction, remodeling, or repair of buildings and facilities,
 modification of site, and overseeing the construction to ensure compliance with plans and
 specifications.
 0307 Athletic trainer—Coordinates and implements training activities for athletes to
 improve their athletic performance.
 0308 Attendance officer—Monitors compulsory attendance laws.
 VI-27
0309 Audiologist—Provides services including:  1) identification of individuals with
 hearing loss;  2) determination of the range, nature, and degree of hearing loss, including
 referral for medical or other professional attention;  3) provision of habilitating activities
 such as language habilitation, auditory training, speech reading (lipreading), hearing
 evaluation, and speech conservation;  4) creation and administration of programs for
 prevention of hearing loss;  5) counseling and guidance of students, parent/guardians, and
 teachers regarding hearing loss; and  6) determination of an individual’s need for group and
 individual amplification, selecting and fitting an appropriate aid, and evaluating the
 effectiveness of amplification.
 0310 Auditor—Performs activities concerned with examining, verifying, and reporting on
 accounting records.
 0311 Benefits specialist—Organizes and provides information to employees about
 organizational fringe benefits.
 0312 Campus minister/chaplain (clergy or layperson)—Performs religious functions in a
 school.
 0313 Caseworker—Counsels and aids individuals and families requiring assistance of
 social service agencies and secures information on factors contributing to a clients situation.
 Counsels clients regarding plans for meeting needs and aids clients in mobilizing capacities
 and environmental resources to improve social functioning.
 0314 Computer programmer—Prepares sets of instructions for a computer, based on
 project specifications, in order to solve problems.
 0315 Computer systems analyst—Analyzes user requirements, procedures, and problems in
 processing or to improve and/or modify an existing computer system.
 0316 Curator and archivist—Collects, classifies, preserves, and exhibits objects of interest
 in such fields as science, literature, history and art.
 0317 Dental hygienist—Performs dental prophylactic treatments and instructs patients in
 the care of the teeth and mouth.
 0318 Dentist—Diagnoses and treats diseases, injuries, and malformations of the teeth and
 gums.
 0319 Dietitian/nutritionist—Plans and directs food service menu preparation including
 determining the nutritional value of food for meals.
 0320 Engineer—Applies scientific and mathematical principles to practical ends such as
 the design, construction, and operation of efficient and economical structures, equipment,
 and systems.
 0321 Evaluator—Determines the value or effect of plans, programs, and activities by
 appraisal of data and activities in light of specified goals and objectives (e.g. personnel
 evaluator).
 VI-28
0322 Family/community support coordinator—Fosters ties between the school, the family,
 and/or community by conducting services such as family education, the integration of
 community services, and/or direct intervention as needed.
 0323 Financial aid officer—Reviews and assesses student applications for financial aid
 programs such as loans, grants-in-aid, or scholarships, in order to make determinations
 concerning assistance.
 0324 Functional application support specialist—Assists individual computer users in a
 mini- or micro-computer [e.g., personal computer (PC)] environment to resolve hardware
 and software issues.
 0325 Grant developer—Expands opportunities to obtain funds from outside parties in
 exchange for completion of a task.
 0326 Historian—Prepares a chronological account or record of past or current events
 dealing with some phase of human activity, either in terms of individuals, social, ethnic,
 political, or geographic groupings.
 0327 Internal auditor—Verifies account records, including evaluating the adequacy of the
 internal control system, verifying and safeguarding assets, reviewing the reliability of the
 accounting and reporting systems, and ascertaining compliance with established policies
 and procedures.
 0328 Interpreter—Translates consecutively or instantaneously from one language into
 another language using spoken and/or manual words (e.g., sign language interpreter).
 0329 Lawyer—Practices law and performs such activities as conducting lawsuits, drawing
 up legal documents, and advising on legal rights.
 0330 Legislative liaison—Coordinates with the legislature in the preparation of legislation,
 provides information to legislative committees and members, and testifies before such
 bodies.
 0331 Negotiator—Performs such activities as resolving labor/management problems and
 helping to settle disputes and effect compromises. This includes representatives of either
 management or labor (e.g., shop stewards).
 0332 Network administrator—Coordinates the inputs, outputs, and use of computer
 networks (e.g., local area networks (LAN) and wide area networks (WAN)).
 0333 Nurse Practitioner—Performs the functions of a registered nurse either
 independently, or dependently with a written agreement of a medical doctor.
 0334 Occupational therapist—Provides services that address the functional needs of an
 individual relating to self-help skills, adaptive behavior and play, and sensory, motor, and
 postural development.  These services are designed to improve the individual’s functional
 ability to perform tasks in the home, school, and community settings and include:  1)
 identification assessment and intervention;  2) adaptation of the environment, and selection,
 design, and fabrication of assistive and orthodontic devices to facilitate the development of
 functional skills; and  3) prevention or minimization of the impact of initial or future
 impairment, delay in development, or loss of functional ability.
 VI-29
0335 Ophthalmologist—Provides specialized services in the care of the eye and its related
 structures.
 0336 Optometrist—Treats optical and muscle defects of the eye without the use of drugs or
 surgery.
 0337 Personnel officer/specialist—Performs activities concerned with staff recruitment,
 selection, training, and assignment. This includes maintaining staff records, working with
 administrators in developing pension and insurance plans, and maintaining
 employer-employee harmony and efficiency through negotiations and internal public
 relations efforts.
 0338 Physical therapist—Facilitates remediation and compensation for deficits in
 foundation skills necessary for classroom and/or basic job performance, particular areas of
 emphasis include gross motor skills, functional mobility and gait, musculoskeletal
 alignment, strength, endurance, and positioning.  Typical responsibilities include screening,
 assessment, planning, goal development, and appropriate intervention services.
 0339 Physician—Diagnoses and treats diseases and disorders of the human body.
 0340 Physician assistant—Provides health care services to patients under the direction and
 responsibility of a physician.
 0341 Planning specialist—Performs activities concerned with selecting or identifying the
 goals, priorities, objectives, and projected trends of an organization and formulating the
 courses of action necessary to fulfill these objectives.
 0342 Psychiatrist—Diagnoses and treats diseases and disorders of the mind.
 0343 Psychologist—Evaluates and analyzes students’ behavior by measuring and
 interpreting their intellectual, emotional, and social development, and diagnosing their
 educational and personal problems.
 0344 Public relations/informational services officer—Attempts to foster good relations
 between an organization and the public as a whole, by planning and conducting programs to
 disseminate accurate information through such media as newspapers, radio and television,
 public forums, and civic activities, and by reviewing material for and directing preparation
 of publications.
 0345 Recreational therapist—Plans, organizes, and directs medically-approved recreation
 programs for patients.  Activities include sports, trips, dramatics, social activities, and arts
 and crafts.
 0346 Recreation worker—Conducts group recreation activities; organizes and promotes
 activities such as arts and crafts, sports, games, music, dramatics, social recreation,
 camping, and hobbies, taking into account the needs and interests of individual members.
 0347 Registered nurse—Conducts a health service program at a school or system for the
 evaluation, improvement and protection of the health of students and school personnel in
 accordance with state law and local policies and procedures.
 VI-30
0348 Registrar—Coordinates and directs registration activities, including the compilation
 and analysis of registration data for administrative use.
 0349 Rehabilitation counselor—Provides a combination of treatment and education
 services designed to restore maximum functionality, a sense of well-being, and a personally
 satisfying level of independence in individuals who have temporary or permanent
 disabilities.
 0350 Research and development specialist—Performs activities concerned with systematic
 study and investigation using the products of research and judgement to improve programs.
 0351 Respiratory therapist—Administers respiratory therapy care and life support to
 patients with deficiencies and abnormalities of the cardiopulmonary system, under the
 direction and responsibility of a physician.
 0352 Social worker—Provides social services for clients who may be individuals, families,
 groups, communities, organizations, or society in general.  Social workers help individuals
 increase their capacities for problem solving and coping, and help obtain needed resources,
 facilitate interactions between individuals and their environments, make organizations
 responsible to individuals, and influence social polities.
 0353 Speech pathologist/therapist—Diagnoses communicative disorders; to plan, direct
 and participate in individual or group therapy sessions which focus on the remediation of
 specific articulation problems including:  1) speech sounds that are omitted, replaced by
 substitute sounds, or distorted;  2) voice problems in which pitch, loudness, or quality of
 voice are affected; or  3) stuttering.
 0354 Staff developer/teacher trainer—Plans, coordinates, and implements inservice
 training activities that help individuals to identify future career options and improve skills
 necessary to achieve them.
 0355 Statistician—Plans surveys and collects, summarizes, and interprets numerical data,
 applying statistical theory and methods to provide usable information.
 0356 Student personnel officer—Works with the family, school, and community to
 determine the cause of and provide solutions for students who are experiencing serious
 attendance, academic and/or discipline problems in order to promote positive educational
 development.
 0357 Tax assessor/collector—Provides services in the assessment of real and personal
 property for tax computation purposes and in the collection of taxes for the school or
 system.
 0358 Transition coordinator—Provides services that:  1) strengthen and coordinate special
 programs and related services for individuals with special needs, including students with
 disabilities, who are currently in school or have recently left school and may benefit from
 assistance during the transition to postsecondary education, vocational training, competitive
 employment (including supported employment), continuing education or adult services; 2)
 stimulate the improvement and development of programs for secondary special education;
 and/or 3) stimulate the improvement of vocational and life skills to enable students with
 special needs to be better prepared for transition to adult life and services.
 VI-31
0359 Translator—Expresses in another language systematically to retain the original sense,
 primarily of written works.
 0360 Volunteer coordinator—Oversees and coordinates the activity of individuals who
 enter into positions without the promise of compensation.
 0361 Work study coordinator—Plans and conducts a work study program for students
 through establishing contacts with employers and employment agencies.
 0362 Writer/editor—Writes original prose materials and reviews manuscripts for
 distribution and/or publication.
 0400 Paraprofessionals—Works alongside and assists professional individuals.
 0401 Assistant counselor—Assists students, parents, teachers, or other staff, under the
 supervision or direction of a counselor, by helping individuals make plans and decisions in
 relation to education, career, or personal development.
 0402 Bilingual aide—Assists in the instruction of students using more than one language
 for teaching content.
 0403 Bilingual special education aide—Assists in the instruction of students in a special
 education program using more than one language for teaching content.
 0404 Career aide—Assists students in the process of choosing a profession or occupation.
 0405 Child care giver—Assists in organizing and leading prekindergarten children in
 activities such as reading, drawing, and games.
 0406 Computer aide—Assists and provides direction to computer users.
 0407 Extra-curricular activity aide—Supervises school-sponsored activities that are not
 related to curriculum (e.g., sports), including all direct and personal services that are
 planned for student enjoyment.
 0408 Financial aid specialist—Interviews students applying for financial aid, including
 loans, grants-in-aid, or scholarships, to determine eligibility for assistance.
 0409 Monitor/prefect—Monitors the conduct of students in classrooms, detention halls,
 lunch rooms, playground, hallways, and places where alternatives to classroom instruction
 are provided (e.g., test sites).
 0410 Library aide—Assists in the maintenance and operation of a library by aiding in the
 selection, ordering, cataloging, processing, and circulation of all media.
 0411 Media center aide—Assists in the maintenance and operation of a media center by
 serving as a specialist in the organization and use of all teaching and learning resources,
 including hardware, content material and services.
 VI-32
0412 Psychologist assistant—Assists a psychologist with routine activities associated with
 providing psychological services.
 0413 Teaching/classroom aide—Assists a teacher with routine activities associated with
 teaching (i.e., those activities requiring minor decisions regarding students, such as
 conducting rote exercises, operating equipment, and clerking).
 0414 Teaching assistant—Performs the day-to-day activities of teaching students while
 under the supervision of a teacher. The teaching assistant does not make diagnostic or
 long-range evaluative decisions regarding students. This includes individuals who may or
 may not be certified but must have completed at least two years of formal education
 preparation for teaching or the equivalent in experience or training.
 0415 Tutor—Provides academic instruction (e.g., in English, mathematics, and foreign
 language) to students requiring additional assistance outside of the classroom.
 0500 Technical—Performs tasks requiring a combination of basic scientific knowledge and manual
 skills which can be obtained through approximately two years of postsecondary education such as that
 which is offered in community/junior colleges and technical institutes, or through equivalent special
 study and/or on-the-job training.
 0501 Audiometrist—Administers audiometric (hearing acuity) screening tests while under
 the direction and responsibility of an audiologist or physician.
 0502 Computer technician—Installs and maintains computer hard- and software
 equipment.
 0503 Drafter—Drafts detailed drawings, such as writing diagrams, layout drawings,
 mechanical detail drawings, and drawings of intermediate and final assemblies, used to
 manufacture, assemble, install, and repair electronic components, printed circuit boards,
 and other equipment.
 0504 Engineering aide—Assists in planning  and directing operations in a technical field.
 0505 Graphic artist--Plans and arranges art layouts which illustrate programs or processes
 for publication, demonstration, and more effective communication.
 0506 Inspector—Examines the condition of equipment and buildings as they relate to safety
 and health the condition of new construction as it relates to specifications and codes.
 0507 Licensed practical nurse—Performs auxiliary medical services, such as taking and
 recording temperature, pulse, and respiration rate, and giving medication under the
 direction and responsibility of a physician or a registered nurse.
 0508 Media technologist—Maintains and programs audio, video, and other media
 equipment.
 0509 Photographer—Uses cameras and flashbulb equipment to photograph individuals and
 may take exposed film to a darkroom for processing and developing.
 0510 Psychometrist—Measures the intellectual, social, and emotional development of
 individuals through the administration and interpretation of psychological tests. These
 activities are usually carried out under the direction or supervision of a psychologist or a
 related professional.
 VI-33
0511 Purchasing agent—Buys supplies, equipment, and materials used in the operation of
 an organization.
 0512 Speech language technician—Assists with the provision of speech and language
 services in collaboration with a speech pathologist.
 0513 Supervisor—Supervises the day-to-day operations of a group of skilled, semiskilled,
 or unskilled workers (e.g., warehouse or garage workers).  Frequently called a foreman or
 crew leader.
 0600 Office/clerical/administrative support—Performs the activities of preparing, transferring,
 transcribing, systematizing, or preserving communications, records, and transactions.
 0601 Bookkeeping/accounting/auditing clerk—Keeps a systematic record of accounts or
 transactions and prepares statements reflecting those activities.
 0602 Cashier—Collects and records payments received for items purchased.
 0603 Computer operator—Operates computer and peripheral equipment to process data by
 entering commands using a keyboard or computer terminal.
 0604 Data entry clerk—Enters information into a data processing format using data
 processing equipment.
 0605 Dispatcher—Assigns vehicles and drivers to perform specific services and to record
 such information concerning vehicle movement as a school or system may require.
 0606 Duplicating/photocopying assistant—Operates duplicating machines to print
 typewritten or handwritten documents directly from a master copy.
 0607 Electrical and electronic repairers—Installs and repairs electric and electronics
 equipment.
 0608 File clerk—Classifies records in alphabetical or numerical order or according to
 subject matter or other system.
 0609 General office clerk—Performs such activities as preparing, transcribing,
 systematizing or preserving written communication and reports or operating mechanical
 equipment (e.g., computers, fax machines, typewriters, calculators, and wordprocessing
 equipment).
 0610 Mail clerk—Routes mail, prepares outgoing materials for mailing, and maintains
 internal written communication systems.
 0611 Messenger—Delivers messages, documents, packages, and other items to offices or
 departments within or outside of an organization.
 0612 Office manager—Coordinates office services such as personnel, budget preparation
 and control, housekeeping, records control, and special management activities.
 VI-34
0613 Receptionist—Receives callers or visitors at the establishment, determine the nature
 of business, and directs callers or visitors to destinations.
 0614 Records clerk—Establishes and maintains an adequate and efficient system for
 controlling records (e.g., registration, admission, attendance) of an organization.
 0615 Secretary—Schedules appointments, gives information to callers, takes dictation, and
 otherwise relieves officials of clerical work and minor administrative and business detail.
 0616 Stenographer—Takes dictation of correspondence, reports, and other materials in
 shorthand and operates a typewriter, wordprocessor, or computer to transcribe the dictated
 material.
 0617 Stores/supplies handler—Receives, stores, and dispenses supplies, materials, and
 equipment.
 0618 Switchboard/PBX operator—Operates a telephone switchboard and relays incoming,
 outgoing, and interoffice calls.
 0619 Typist and wordprocessor—Operates a typewriter, computer or a wordprocessor to
 compile, type, revise, combine, edit, print, and/or store documents.
 0700 Crafts and trades—Performs tasks requiring high manual skill level which is acquired through
 on-the-job training and experience or through apprenticeship or other formal training programs.  This
 assignment requires considerable judgement and a thorough and comprehensive knowledge of the
 processes involved in the work.
 0701 Brick mason—Works with brick and similar materials in the construction, erection,
 and reparation of structures and fixtures.
 0702 Carpenter—Constructs, erects, installs, and repairs wooden structures and fixtures.
 0703 Cement mason—Works with cement and similar materials in the construction,
 erection, and reparation of structures and fixtures.
 0704 Electrician—Plans, layouts, installs, and repairs wiring, electrical fixtures, apparatus,
 and control equipment.
 0705 HVAC mechanic—Services heating units, ventilation systems and air conditioners in
 buildings.
 0706 Locksmith—Installs, repairs, rebuilds, and services mechanical or electrical locking
 devices using hand tools and specialized equipment.
 0707 Maintenance repairers/general utility—Repairs and maintains buildings, machinery,
 electrical and mechanical equipment.
 0708 Painter and paperhanger—Paints, varnishes, and stains or wallpaper the interior
 and/or exterior of buildings and fixtures.
 0709 Plasterer—Applies and repairs plaster in the interior and/or exterior of buildings.
 VI-35
0710 Plumber—Assembles, installs, and repairs pipes, fittings, and fixtures of heating,
 water, and drainage systems.
 0711 Printer—Makes copies by chemical or photographic means.
 0712 Vehicle mechanic—Inspects, repairs, and maintains functional parts of mechanical
 equipment and machinery.
 0800 Operative—Performs tasks requiring an intermediate level manual skills which can be mastered
 in a few weeks through limited training to operate machines.  This includes bus drivers and vehicle
 operators.
 0801 Bus driver—Drives a bus used in the service of a school or system.
 0802 Other vehicle operator—Drives a vehicle such as a truck or automobile used in the
 service of a school or system.
 0900 Laborer—Performs tasks requiring some manual skills which can be conducted with no special
 training. This includes individuals performing lifting, digging, mixing, loading, and pulling operations.
 0901 Construction laborer—Performs any combination of duties on construction projects,
 usually working in utility capacity, by transferring from one task to another.  Duties include
 measuring distances from grade stakes, signaling operators of construction equipment, and
 mixing concrete.
 0902 Freight, stock, and materials handlers—Loads, unloads, and moves freight, stock,
 and other materials manually or with equipment that does not require technical skill to
 operate (e.g., wheel barrows, conveyor belts, etc).
 0903 Garbage collector—Collects refuse in designated areas.  May drive a truck and
 operate hoisting device that raises refuse bin into the opening of the truck body.
 0904 Gardener—Works a plot of ground where herbs, fruits, flowers, or vegetables are
 cultivated.
 0905 Groundskeeper—Maintains grounds that are owned, rented, or leased and used by a
 school or system. This does not include the operation of machinery requiring semi-skilled
 training or experience.
 0906 Garage/parking-lot attendant—Patrols and monitors parking areas to prevent thefts
 of and from parked automobiles and collects parking fees from drivers.
 0907 Vehicle washer/equipment cleaner—Washes vehicles and equipment with washing
 and rinsing solutions to remove debris.  May manually dislodge debris from objects being
 washed and dry objects using a cloth or airhose.
 1000 Service work—Performs tasks regardless of level of difficulty which relates to both protective
 and nonprotective supportive services.
 VI-36
1001 Bus monitor/crossing guard—Helps keep order on buses or other school or system
 modes of transportation.  This includes traffic guards for loading buses, crossing guards for
 monitoring pedestrian traffic.
 1002 Child care worker—Assists in implementing child care activities, including custodial
 functions.
 1003 Cook/food preparer—Prepares and cooks foodstuffs in quantities according to menu
 and number of persons to be served.
 1004 Custodian—Performs plant housekeeping and servicing activities consisting of the
 cleaning; operation of the heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning systems; and the
 servicing of building equipment.
 1005 Dietary technician—Advises and assists personnel in public and private
 establishments in food services systems by making recommendations for foods that will
 constitute nutritionally adequate meals.
 1006 Elevator operator—Transports passengers and freight between floors of a building
 via an elevator.
 1007 Facilities maintenance worker—Inspects buildings and office areas to evaluate
 suitability for occupancy considering such factors as air circulation, lighting, location, and
 size.
 1008 Food server—Serves sandwiches, salads, beverages, desserts and other kinds of food.
 May order items to replace stocks and collect money for purchases.
 1009 Police officer—Maintains order, enforces the law, prevents and investigates crime in
 a school building and its surrounding areas.
 1010 Resident/dormitory supervisor—Supervises a dormitory or building in which students
 reside.
 1011 Security guard—Maintains safety and security of property, facilities, and personnel.
 9900 Other
 Entity Uses:
 Assig